Let's look at a few examples of the differences
between goods and services.
Hospitals provide goods to customers, in this case,
patients and staff in the form of medical inventory.
If the hospital has too many sutures in inventory,
this leads to excessive costs tied up in stock
and can also lead to expired stock
if not used in a timely manner.
Another situation could be the staff
not having enough gowns when treating patients.
This can force expensive expedited orders
dissatisfied customers.
Airlines provide services to customers.
If there are too many empty seats on a plane,
that leaves to excessive costs
without the income to support it,
especially with the cost of fuel today.
On the other hand,
overbooking flights leads to lost or dissatisfied customers.